Welcome to this video on
QR code recognition in iOS 11.
Quick Response code is a type
of two-dimensional barcode
used to embed information,
such as URLs.
In iOS 11, we have added
system support
to automatically detect QR codes
in both Camera and Safari.
First, let's look at Camera.
Camera automatically
scans for QR codes
in Photo and Square modes.
This works even from
the Lock screen.
Telling Siri to scan a QR code
will also take you to Camera.
Here's how it works.
Simply point the camera
at a QR code.
A notification will drop down,
describing the action
that you can perform.
Tapping on the notification
will perform the action,
which in this case
navigates to apple.com.
It's that simple.
iOS supports many data types
for QR codes.
Next, I'll go through each type
in detail.
Feel free to grab your
iOS device and scan these codes.
Here's an example
of a location QR code
that uses the geo scheme
that lets you encode
a point on the Earth.
Tapping on the notification
takes you to the Maps app
with a pin dropped
at that location.
You can accomplish the same
thing with an Apple Maps URL,
which gives you more flexibility
in describing the location.
For example, you can specify
the actual address this way.
For text message QR codes,
you can encode an SMS URI.
Tapping on the notification
brings you
to the message compose window
for this phone number
in the Messages app.
The SMSTO format
is also supported
for describing
a text message action.
This format allows you
to prepopulate
the text message content.
For email addresses,
you could just encode
the address directly.
But to ensure it's treated
as an email address,
it is recommended that you
create a mailto URI for it.
Tapping on this notification
takes you
to the new message window
in Mail
with the recipient's
email prefilled.
Similarly for phone numbers,
a tel URI should be used
to ensure it's recognized
as a phone number properly.
Tapping on the notification will
initiate a call to that number
in the Phone app.
For contact QR codes,
iOS supports the vCard format.
These codes could be useful
on business cards.
Tapping on this notification
shows you a preview
of the contact card with options
to save to your contacts list.
You can also encode
contact information
with the MeCard format,
which is usually less verbose
than the vCard format.
iOS supports event QR codes
encoded with
the iCalendar format.
Tapping on this notification
adds the event to your calendar
and shows you the event details.
Lastly, iOS supports QR codes
containing Wi-Fi
configuration information,
such as the authentication type,
the network SSID,
and the password.
Hidden SSIDs are not supported.
This type of QR code
is useful for quickly connecting
to a Wi-Fi network in
an Internet cafe, for example,
where the user
no longer needs to type in
all the information themselves.
When the user taps on
the Wi-Fi QR code banner,
they'll be prompted
to connect to the Wi-Fi network.
I've just shown you
examples of QR codes
that are handled
by other system apps.
But what about your app?
How can you direct a user
to your app
after scanning a QR code?
You can support universal links
so your users
can be seamlessly directed
to your installed app
when they scan a QR code
containing a link
to your website.
Here's an example.
Let's say you manage
both pizza.example.com
and also the PizzaFinder app.
You publish a QR code
with a link to your website
so the user can access it
with a quick scan.
But you'd also like
to direct your users
to the PizzaFinder app
seamlessly
if they have the app installed.
Adding support
for universal links is simple.
First, create an
apple-app-site-association file
that you'll place
at the root of your server
or in the .well-known
subdirectory, served over https.
In this file,
you specify your app ID
along with the paths
from your website
that should be handled
as universal links.
The value of the app ID key
is the team ID or app ID prefix,
followed by
the bundle identifier.
Then include the list of domains
that your app wants to handle
in your app's
Associated Domains entitlement.
To do this in Xcode,
open the Associated Domains
section in the Capabilities tab
and add an entry for each domain
that your app supports.
Now, with universal links set up
between the website and the app,
scanning a QR code
with a URL to the website
can take the user
directly to your app.
You can even set up
universal links
to link to specific areas
within your app.
If the PizzaFinder app
is not installed on the device,
then the URL
will be loaded in Safari.
That's why it's important
to provide an App Store link
to your app from that page
so your users
can easily install your app
for future QR code scans.
The best way to do that
is by adding a Smart App Banner.
This is useful
even if you integrate
your own QR code scanner
in your app
since it's very easy
to launch Camera on your phone,
even from the Lock screen.
Now your users can quickly open
QR codes that you publish
without launching your app
first.
To add a Smart App Banner
to your website,
include this meta tag
in the head of each page
where you'd like
the banner to appear.
You can search for your app
on the iTunes Link Maker page
to get the app ID.
Now, let's say over time
pizza.example.com
has been extended
to allow people to post stories
about their pizza experiences.
A separate app called
PizzaStories
has been developed to handle
that functionality, too.
You can use universal links
to associate that app
with the website as well.
To set up universal link
for PizzaStories,
you just need to add
another entry
to the
apple-app-site-association file
with the application's
bundle identifier.
You also need
to set PizzaStories'
Associated Domains entitlement
just like in PizzaFinder.
Now, with universal links
set up for both apps,
when your user scans
your QR code for the first time
and both PizzaFinder
and PizzaStories
are installed on the device,
they will see an app QR code
notification like this.
When they tap
on the notification,
an alert will appear prompting
them to pick the application
to open the URL in.
Let's say the user picks
the PizzaStories app.
Their preference will be saved.
The next item the user
scans that QR code again,
the preferred application
will be offered
as a default application
to open the URL in.
The user can still change
their preferred application
by using 3D Touch
or by pulling down
on the notification.
In addition to Camera,
we've also added QR codes
support to Safari on iOS 11.
Here's how it works.
When you use 3D Touch to
preview an image on a web page,
Safari will check the image
for a QR code,
and if it finds one,
adds extra menu actions
related to the contents
of the code.
You can also long press
on the QR code image,
and the extra menu actions
will appear in the context menu.
To summarize, in this video
we have shown you
how your users can more easily
scan QR codes directly
from Camera and Safari.
By adopting universal links,
your users will have
a more seamless experience
by being directed
straight into your app.
And for those who don't have
your application installed yet,
Smart App Banner is the best way
to show them where to get it.
For more information
about what we've covered
in this video,
including how to adopt
universal links
and promote apps
with a Smart App Banner,
use the links
in the resources section
associated with this video.